README.md, before:

# Bare Minimum Assembly, Embedded-C and Makefile To Get Started With ARM
## What is this
This repository contains the bare minimum to get started with the STM32F103XX microcontroller *embedded-c programming*, which features a Cortex-M3 ARM processor.

This repository uses the GNU Compiler Collection `arm-none-eabi-gcc` with it's subcommands, and a **very simple** `makefile` showing various commands needed.

## Motivation
This repository was built on my other repository `bare-minimum-arm-asm`, where I was experimenting in assembly programming, and although I like the idea of assembly and bit manipulation of bare metal registers, built C libraries offers functions that, presumably, are easy to interface, so I had to prepare to use the toolchain to compile and use libraries.

## Repo Branches
This repository might have many branches as some templates or some scratch code that might use some feature here and there.

## Code Comments
I have commented every line of code I could comment on, and for sure will keep adding documentation, references and much more to any code that I write, I don't want anybody to go through the painful process of debugging and to commit pitfalls that I personally did before.

Commit message:

README.md updated for Custom RTOS

README.md, after:

# Bare Minimum Structure and Libraries (implemented from scratch), to get started with ARM (includes custom RTOS!)
## What is this
This repository contains the bare minimum to get started with the STM32F103XX microcontroller *embedded-c programming*, which features a Cortex-M3 ARM processor.

This repository uses the GNU Compiler Collection `arm-none-eabi-gcc` with it's subcommands, and a **very simple** `makefile` showing various commands needed.

## Motivation
This repository was built on my other repository `bare-minimum-arm-asm`, where I was experimenting in assembly programming, and although I like the idea of assembly and bit manipulation of bare metal registers, built C libraries offers functions that, presumably, are easy to interface, so I had to prepare to use the toolchain to compile and use libraries.

## Repo Branches
This repository might have many branches as some templates or some scratch code that might use some feature here and there.

## Code Comments
I have commented every line of code I could comment on, and for sure will keep adding documentation, references and much more to any code that I write, I don't want anybody to go through the painful process of debugging and to commit pitfalls that I personally did before.
